+ absolute path specification fix (#1)
hms-dbmi/pic-sure-hpds-genotype-load-example: README.md

**`filename	chromosome	annotated	gzip	sample_ids	patient_ids	sample_relationship	related_sample_ids`** 

> - **`filename`** - The name of a VCF file. The VCF files should be loaded from the same directory as this `vcfIndex.tsv` file. If you are not using Docker or have requirements forcing you to modify the docker-compose volume mapping. Please specify an absolute path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`filename`** - The name of a VCF file. Please specify an absolute path and ensure it is reachable from inside the docker container running the VCF loader job.
```
